self doubt is his pervasive. You always question whether you're doing
the right thing. A SZ faras from a skill standpoint where, like flying,
teaching, um, or even performing. If you're being evaluated, you
just got it. It's remarkable. Once you actually get in the situation,
I found that the doubt oftentimes evaporates because you proved yourself
that you know what you're talking about and you know what you're
doing. Self doubt is really more poisonous in and the time before
you have to execute something or do something that is of consequence
on the ways to handle that or just are myriad. You can think of
all kinds of ways to do it. I often times would just go for a run or
physical activity in general, try to take my mind off it. But in the
moment, generally, you find that the choices you made the decisions
you make, even if where they weren't the best decisions, they were
still okay because you appropriately evaluated things